{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20200\viewh10880\viewkind1
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Problem Definition Statement \
\ulnone \
The aim of the project is to create a programme that allows users to securely log into their account, check the data/information available, be able to make deposits and withdrawals then log out of that account. \
\
\ul Problems- \ulnone \

\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	Allow user to input data/their banking information - PIN number \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}The program should then take the user to their page which allows them to choose which account they would like to use. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}Once the user has selected their account the program should display all        relevant information such as their balance and statements.  \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}Navigating between all types of account(current account, joint account, savings account)\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}The program should allow users to transfer funds to and from any of their accounts.\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}Once the user has finished they should be able to log out. \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}The program should go back to the main screen where another user is able to log in.   \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\
\pard\tx566\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
Main public class - entrance. This will ask the user to login with a user name and password which will be pre-defined at the top. The user can then choose which accounts they would like to access, checking, savings, or Joint. \
Once inside the chosen the account they have the options to view balance, deposit and withdraw money or cancel and go back to main menu. \
he second class will be focused on users functionalities- checking balance, withdrawing and depositing. \
}